Hey how's it going Dave TD here so
traditionally when it comes to buying
gaming laptops the CPU is a pretty easy
decision I mean there's just not that
many choices to choose from so last year
it was the i7 7700 HQ and if you
couldn't afford that you'd get the i-5
and the year before that it was the 6700
HQ and it's just always been really few
options which was a kind of a good thing
because it just made the process a lot
easier
but right now in 2018 for whatever
reason there's so many good CPU options
for a gaming laptops we already have the
8th gen you processors the KB like ours
and those are quad core 15 watt packages
and if you pair that up with an MX 150
which a lot of laptops do you actually
get a pretty respectable gaming laptop
it's not like a hardcore gaming laptop
but you can play a lot of games with
really respectable frame rates and as
long as the laptop is cooled properly
which not every company does but if it
is you're good to go for like light to
moderate gaming now the H processors
coming out are more exciting the i9 is
gonna be nutty but the to more common
ones are these two the i7 and the i-5
that i7 looks ripe 6 cores strong turbo
and it's in the same 45 watt package as
the previous generation so you don't
have to have any kind of crazy thermal
solution and we've seen some preliminary
benchmarks pop up and it really does
look promising compared to the current
i7 7700 HQ it's like 30 to 35 percent
better for multi-core benchmarks now in
the past a lot of developers haven't put
in the time to optimize their games for
just more than 4 CPU cores but because
of Rison last year and just the state of
the industry now we're core count is
kind of creeping up slowly I think
companies will put in the time
so there's another batch of CPUs made by
Intel the KB Lake G and there's five of
them these are kind of a collab between
Intel and AMD so they're running Intel
CPUs with an AMD Vega GPU there's two
different GPUs the Vega MGL and the Vega
mgh GH being the stronger more powerful
one of the two the performance is good
like really good for the wattage and I
think that's its biggest advantage
efficiency its energy efficient it's
space efficient because they're packing
the CPU the GPU and the vram all into
one chip it's still not an APU it's a
CPU and a dead
GPU but it's just packaged into one
thing so you can build something that's
smaller thinner and lighter than a
laptop that uses a discrete GPU from
Nvidia
now the preliminary benchmarks have been
pretty interesting we're looking at
something between a 1050 and a 1050 Ti
for the GL and then for the GH the
better one that performance is gonna be
something around at gtx 1060 and they'll
both be quite energy efficient but the
big disadvantage i see with these is
pricing the GH model in particular is
gonna start at like 1,200 bucks maybe
even more and you're getting remember
gtx 1060 performance for $1200 and i
feel like at that price point you can
get something that's like a 1070 from
nvidia it's gonna be thicker it's gonna
be louder it's gonna be bigger but
you're gonna get better performance for
your money
the last ones are the AMD chips so they
have eight core and six core tries and
laptops that are using these desktop
CPUs which are really powerful but I
mean their desktop CPUs so that doesn't
really count in this conversation
they're also just stupidly expensive the
ones that are most interesting to me are
there new rise in mobile aps and they're
integrated GPUs on these things are so
much better than the integrated Intel
GPUs like the HD 630 or if they even the
UHT 630 is just miles ahead of the Intel
integrated GPUs it benchmarks well but
the games are just so poorly optimized
with these drivers that it just looks
like a crappy card if they can fix those
drivers and they will but if they can
fix it quickly enough it'll be a strong
competitor for casual gaming and if you
see what devices are putting these into
like we're talking ultra books and just
really thin devices it's pretty cool you
can bring something like this to school
to work and just kind of kick it for
some light gaming at home so this video
has been filled with tons of like nerd
numbers and stuff like that I'm just
gonna break it down really simple right
now if you're looking for a CPU for a
gaming laptop there's obviously a lot of
choices to choose from
it's obviously harder this year to
choose one than last year if you want
something that's like the best of the
best and you have the money then the i7
and the i9 that's popping out from Intel
soon will be a good bet but if you have
something like a smaller budget and
you're just looking for a thinner device
that gets decent gaming performance take
a look at the kb lake g from intel so
these are the intel cpus combo'd with
the AMD Vega GPUs it's good performance
and you should comfortably break 60
frames per second for most games and if
you don't care too much about image
quality or resolution you can draw
- you processor paired up with the
nvidia MX 150 but if you want some of
that's like really budget and you're
looking for someone that's like thin and
light that doesn't cost too much those
upcoming rise in mobile ap use should be
pretty good some of them are ready out
is just that the drivers aren't great
and if you just give it some time from
the flash out I think they can be great
for just the casual gamer with a smaller
budget okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video hope it
clarified some things thumbs if you
liked it subs you loved it see you guys
next time